your castmates many of them have been
here and and and the shoka is obviously
you know usually pretty heavy you
provide some comic relief from time to
time and occasionally there's a little
bit here or there but it's a pretty
serious show with the Dragons and
whatnot but it seems like you guys
well obviously people get along but are
always like fooling around
there's horsing around pranking going on
on the set do you participate in that I
try to yeah you know as a victim or as a
prankster both victim and pranks oh okay
I like to pretend I'm dead it's it's
always it's fun the Wardrobe gotta get
really smushed into the floor like very
awkward position how long do you take it
how far will you go before you wait
hours a lot of time yeah my mother used
to do that to us well when to my sister
and I were her children yeah um she was
horrible that's your mother
orphan yeah threatening oh we still have
my father I mean in a pinch but he
couldn't really cook anything so it was
like yeah we would be starved we would
be eventually be orphans we would it
take like four days but she would do
that she would lay on the ground through
the ketchup and everything no she would
not do not murder it was a very subtle
death that she would have she'd lay
quietly on the floor and she hates when
I tell the story and it's actually
requested that I stop telling this story
which is why I like to double up but
she'd lay on the ground and she'd
pretend she's laid very still and then
we'd be like come on mom then we'd be
like hitting her on the head or whatever
and then she and then she would lay
there and then eventually we would start
to cry and she started laughing
[Applause]
is she wait for a few tears before but I
think she just wanted two things I think
she wanted to know that we loved her and
also she wanted a little rest a little
break yeah you will not do that to eat
her to own children yes maybe Amy well
think about it
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and this is the
internet I made it myself
hit subscribe if you like it